# Homemade AR Cards
These documents are files that can be printed out for the purpose of creating homemade versions of unreleased AR Cards for the Nintendo 3DS. I created these files to help users gain access to unused features within some of the many games for the Nintendo 3DS. One of the most famous examples is Kid Icarus: Uprising, which has two unused Idols that cannot be obtained without scanning these unreleased AR Cards.

In this repository, you will find the files I created for this project. If you are a regular user, please make sure to download the appropriate file for your office suite. **It is recommended that users who use Microsoft Office download the DOCX file and that users who are using LibreOffice download the ODT file.** Additionally, please be advised that the ODG file is intended for artists/advanced users and can only be opened with the LibreOffice suite. Once you have downloaded the appropriate file for your office suite, you will need to print it out (the use of photo paper is recommended). After that, cut the pictures out and glue what would have been the backs of these unreleased AR Cards together with their respective pictures. Once the glue has had enough time to dry, you should be able to scan the AR Cards within their respective video games!

This repository has been released with fair use in mind; I am not affiliated with Nintendo and do not own any of the games I have created homemade versions of unreleased AR Cards for. **While I work to ensure that my projects are of the best quality, these files are provided with absolutely no warranty.** By making use of these files, you do so at your own risk.
